<h1>Visual Programming Program 4</h1>
<p>We want a program that will let us select people from a list of players. These people will be placed in either of 2 lists.</p>
<p>We start with a given list of names (we assume these are the usual players). The list will be in a data file named “PlayerNamed.txt”. When the program starts, it will open the file and read all of the names into the list box for players. If we wish to add a name to the list of players, we can type the name into the text portion of the combo box and hit enter.</p>
<p>There are 2 list boxes (one for the first team and one for the second team). The user can select a name from the player's combo box and then click the Add button under the list to add that name to the team. This also removes that name from the player's combo box. If the user selects a name on a team and clicks the Remove button under that team, the name is removed from the team and returned to the player's combo box. Note that each of the lists is kept in sorted order.</p>
<p>If the user clicks the Restart button, this will return the list of names to the player's combo box and clear the team list boxes. Note that you may implement this by using loops to add each member of a team to the player's combo box and then clear the team list boxes. This will allow names which were added to the players to be kept.</p>
<p>When the program ends, it should open the file named “PlayerNamed.txt” and copy all of the names from the list box for players into the file. This way, if a name has been added to the list box, it will be available the next time the program is run.</p>
